So let's take advantage of our users subject up there with the user model and let's set the user.
When we signed up or when we logged in.
Now I subscribe to sign up and log in and the off page but of course we can add pipe here to still do
something in the off service with the tap.
Operator The Tab operator is imported from our exchange as operators of course.
Now if you remember tap allows us to well tap into that observable chain and execute some code.
We get the same data the rest of the observable chain gets.
So we get our response data where our user data actually and they are we get things like the user I.D.
and that's token.
Therefore here I can actually use the user variable and emit a new event where I create a new user for
Dad we need to import the user from our user model that's important and I create a new user.
And now I need to forward things like the I.D. the email the token and the token expiration date.
Now the I.D. can be retrieved from user data.
There it's that local I.D. the email can also be retrieved from the response from the user data because
there I get that email now that token can also be retrieved from there because in my user data I do
get that I.D. token.
But what about apps that shouldn't be email coded but just user data e-mail.
But what about the token expiration date now.
Well for this we need to calculate that token expiration date.
We get these expires in data back from the API and that will actually be a string that looks like this.
It's an amount in milliseconds and then you can find that new little box number.
Excuse me.
In the mountain seconds the number of seconds in which the I.D. token expires.
So 3600 seconds is the default as you can see the dogs.
And that means it expires in one hour.
So now we need to generate a timestamp that is now in one hour so expiration time is new date which
is the current time stamp gets time which is the current timestamp in milliseconds plus.
And now we need to convert that expires in a thing that expires in string to a number and two milliseconds
because we're having milliseconds here as well.
So now I can use my user data expires in field.
That is a string with a plus in front of it.
We can convert it to a number.
And now we need to multiply this with 1000 to convert it from seconds to milliseconds this now is the
expiration time in milliseconds.
I want to get a date object though and therefore I'll wrap this entire calculated millisecond thing
with a no date constructor call and we pass that milliseconds timestamp to it and they have this now
really is a data object that marks the time of expiration of our token and therefore I can now pass
expiration time here.
Now that is what I do here for signing up I'll do the exact same thing for logging in.
Hence we can simply grab that whole method I passed to tap here and add it as a private method here
set user data for example there I just need to get that user data which should be our off response data
and then in here I can just use the code I just cut of course remove the curly braces and the argument
and now here I am again setting expiration time.
And then I admit my new user object now set user date as the function I want to call in here set ups.
This set user data without parentheses because I don't want to execute when this code gets passed instead
i'll pass a reference to this method to the tap method here.
So then this gets executed for this to work correctly we should bind this though so that this inside
of set user data still refers to our all service class and not to the tap function and then we can simply
copy that line here and add it down there as well for logging in.
So Dad here we also set our user data and now we're storing that token in memory we're using that token
in our getters year over one step closer to our correct implementation of dead user authentication state.
But we have errors in this application we'll take care about them in the next lecture.